konvoy: Update docs for konvoy release (#2796)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/ksphere/konvoy/latest/backup/index.md

For on-premise deployments, Konvoy deploys Velero integrated with [Minio][minio], operating inside the same cluster.
For production use-cases, it's advisable to provide an *external* storage volume for Minio to use.

> <p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong>If you intend to use the cluster without an external storage volume for Minio, you should <a href="#fetching-a-backup-archive">fetch the latest backup</a> and store it in a known, secure location at a regular interval. For example, if you are not using an external storage volume, you should back up and archive the cluster on a weekly basis.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong>If you use the cluster without an external storage volume for Minio, <a href="#fetching-a-backup-archive">fetch the latest backup</a> and store it in a known, secure location at regular intervals. For example, if you are not using an external storage volume, back up and archive the cluster on a weekly basis.</p>
```
